123759 synthetics custom tags (#73)
instana/openapi: spec/descriptions/tagSyntheticResults.md

   response_time (ms), response_size (bytes), status_code (an integer represents an HTTP response code, e.g., 200, 401, 500), request_size (bytes), 
   upload_speed (bytes per second), download_speed (bytes per second), 
   redirect_time (ms), redirect_count, connect_count, and status (an integer, 1-success or 0-failure). 
   
   The following metrics are only available for the HTTPAction type Synthetic Tests: blocking (bytes), dns (bytes), connect (bytes), ssl (bytes), 
   sending (bytes), waiting (bytes), and receiving (bytes).

>    The metric synthetic.tags will add the latest list of custom properties to the response.  This metric cannot be *aggregated*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The metric synthetic.tags adds the latest list of custom properties to the response.  This metric cannot be *aggregated*.
```

2. *pageSize* set the number of Synthetic test results you want to return with one query

**order** You can order the returned items alphanumerical by label, either ascending or descending

> 1. *by* Use the metric name, e.g. "synthetic.metricsResponseTime", to order by its value

Reviewer 2: For aggregated test results, adding:
```
"order": {
     	"by": "synthetic.metricsResponseTime",
     	"direction": "DESC"
     }
```
got internal server error. This is the error in synthetics-reader in Pink: 
```
Caused by: com.instana.clickhouse.client.exception.ClickHouseRequestException: Code: 46. DB::Exception: Unknown function avgIf. (UNKNOWN_FUNCTION) (version 22.3.15.33 (official build))
. Query: SELECT client_id,test_id,toString((floor((start_time/600000))*600000)) AS `start_time_aggregated`,avgIf(metrics_response_time,metrics_response_time != 9223372036854775807) AS `metrics_response_time`,avgIf(metrics_status,metrics_status != 2147483647) AS `metrics_status`,metrics_response_time,groupUniqArray(location_id) FROM synthetics.all_synthetic_test_results LEFT JOIN locations_temp_table_6be1d810 ON (synthetics.all_synthetic_test_results.location_id = gk_location_id) WHERE client_id = 'saas_instana_test' AND start_time >= 1682525400000 AND start_time <= 1682532000000 AND test_id IN ('s8Cr2aTFMLUGufmd0vNK') GROUP BY client_id,test_id,start_time_aggregated,metrics_response_time,start_time_aggregated ORDER BY metrics_response_time DESC,start_time_aggregated ASC LIMIT 100 FORMAT JSON
```

Reviewer 2: Without order by response_time or order by synthetic.metricsResponseTime, the following payload works fine: 
{
    "testId": ["s8Cr2aTFMLUGufmd0vNK"],
    "//comment1": "Get test results from last 30 minutes (windowSize), data are aggregated every 10 minutes (granularity)",
    "//comment2": "status = 1 ==> successful",
    "metrics": [
     {
        "aggregation": "MEAN",
        "granularity": 600,
        "metric": "synthetic.metricsResponseTime"
     },
     {
        "aggregation": "MEAN",
        "granularity": 600,
        "metric": "status"
     }],
     "timeFrame": {
       "to": 0,
       "windowSize": 7200000
     },
     "tagFilters":[{
     	"name": "synthetic_type",
     	"operation": "EQUALS",
     	"stringValue": "BrowserScript"
     }]
}

Author: I created a card to investigate further:  https://instana.kanbanize.com/ctrl_board/132/cards/125989/details/

{
    "testId": ["tUmWgvzdo1Q1vpVRpzR5", "Pg0Q1UqHRd7OMysohVLd"],
    "//comment1": "Get test results from last 30 minutes (windowSize), data are aggregated every 10 minutes (granularity)",
    "//comment2": "The granularity values for responseTime and responseSize must be the same"
    "metrics": [
     {
        "aggregation": "MEAN",
        "granularity": 600,    

>         "metric": "synthetic.metricsResponseTime"

Reviewer 2: Both "response_time" and "synthetic.metricsResponseTime" work here. Same for the response_size and synthetic.metricsResponseSize.

{
    "testId": ["tUmWgvzdo1Q1vpVRpzR5", "Pg0Q1UqHRd7OMysohVLd"],
    "//comment1": "Get test results from last 30 minutes (windowSize), data are aggregated every 10 minutes (granularity)",

>     "//comment2": "The granularity values for responsTime and responseSize must be the same"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "//comment2": "The granularity values for responseTime and responseSize must be the same"
```

Author: good eyes, thank you

2. *pageSize* set the number of Synthetic test results you want to return with one query

**order** You can order the returned items alphanumerical by label, either ascending or descending

> 1. *by* Use the metric name, e.g. "synthetic.metricsResponseTime" to order by that value

Author: @KarenGdaniec Did Carol confirm this is okay or is there a different issue that required orderBy to use the old names?

> 1. *by* Use the metric name, e.g. "synthetic.metricsResponseTime" to order by that value

Reviewer 2: Adding:
```
"order": {
     	"by": "synthetic.metricsResponseTime",
     	"direction": "DESC"
     }
```
got internal server error. I have not checked logs in Pink.

> 1. *by* Use the metric name, e.g. "synthetic.metricsResponseTime" to order by that value

Author: Was that for getting test cases or testSummaryList?  I tried the following for the former and it worked:
`    OrderByDTO orderByASC = OrderByDTO.newBuilder().setByLabel("synthetic.metricsResponseTime").setDirection("ASC").build();
    TestResultsDTO result = getTestResultsCommandHandler.getTestResults(TestResultQueryDTO.newBuilder()
            .setClientId(clientId)
            .addTestId(TEST_ID_1_VALUE)
            .addMetricParameters(TestResultsMetricParameterDTO.newBuilder()
                .setMetric("response_size"))
            .setTimeConfig(TimeConfigDTO.newBuilder()
                .setWindowSize(windowSize)
                .setTo(to))
            .setOrderBy(orderByASC)
            .build())
        .block();`

> 1. *by* Use the metric name, e.g. "synthetic.metricsResponseTime" to order by that value

Reviewer 2: For list of test results, both response_time and synthetic.metricsResponseTime work fine.

**tagFilterExpression** It serves as a filter to narrow down return results. Its type can be either EXPRESSION or TAG_FILTER with 
logical operators AND or OR.

A payload only needs either tagFilters or tagFilterExpression as a filter, not both.

Either tagFilters or tagFilterExpression can specify a custom property by its key and value.
```
"tagFilters":[{
  "name":"synthetic.tags",
  "key":"location",
  "value":"Denver",
  "operator":"EQUALS"
}]
```

### Sample payload to get a list of Synthetic test results with tagFilters
```json
{

>   "syntheticMetrics":["synthetic.metricsResponseTime","synthetic.metricsResponseSize"],

Reviewer 2: For syntheticMetrics, both response_time and synthetic.metricsResponseTime work.

  "order":{

>     "by":"synthetic.metricsResponseTime",

Reviewer 2: Both response_time and synthetic.metricsResponseTime work fine.
